README.md, before:

# Orchestra Run Pipeline v1

This action allows Orchestra users to run and monitor their Orchestra pipelines from GitHub Actions.

If the pipeline is backed by Orchestra, the latest published version will run. If it’s Git-backed, the pipeline YAML from the current branch and commit of the GitHub workflow will be used. When re-running a GitHub workflow, we will aim to restart the underlying Orchestra pipeline run.

## Inputs

### `api_key`

**Required** The API key associated with your Orchestra account. Found in Settings -> API Key.

### `pipeline_id`

**Required** The ID of the pipeline you want to run.

### `poll_interval`

(Optional) The interval in seconds at which to poll the pipeline status. Default is 10 seconds.

### `environment`

(Optional) The environment name or ID to run the pipeline in. If not specified, the default environment will be used

### `task_ids`

(Optional) To run a subset of tasks in the pipeline, specify the task IDs separated by a comma. No task group ids are supported.

### `continue_downstream_run`

(Optional) To continue running downstream tasks after specifying task IDs, set this to true.

### `run_inputs`

(Optional) A JSON-formatted string containing key-value pairs of pipeline run inputs. These values override any default inputs defined in the pipeline and are required if the pipeline has required inputs with no defaults.

## Outputs

### `status`

The final pipeline run status. One of SUCCEEDED, WARNING, FAILED or CANCELLED.

### `pipeline_name`

The name of the pipeline.

### `pipeline_run_id`

The ID of the pipeline run.

## Example usage

```yaml
uses: orchestra-hq/run-pipeline@v1
with:
  api_key: ${{ secrets.ORCHESTRA_API_KEY }}
  pipeline_id: "your-pipeline-id"
  task_ids: "task-id-1,task-id-2"
  continue_downstream_run: true
```

Commit message:

adding branch as available input to action

README.md, after:

# Orchestra Run Pipeline v1

This action allows Orchestra users to run and monitor their Orchestra pipelines from GitHub Actions.

If the pipeline is backed by Orchestra, the latest published version will run. If it’s Git-backed, the pipeline YAML from the current branch and commit of the GitHub workflow will be used. When re-running a GitHub workflow, we will aim to restart the underlying Orchestra pipeline run.

## Inputs

### `api_key`

**Required** The API key associated with your Orchestra account. Found in Settings -> API Key.

### `pipeline_id`

**Required** The ID of the pipeline you want to run.

### `branch`

(Optional) The branch to run the pipeline on. If not specified, the current branch will be used.

### `poll_interval`

(Optional) The interval in seconds at which to poll the pipeline status. Default is 10 seconds.

### `environment`

(Optional) The environment name or ID to run the pipeline in. If not specified, the default environment will be used

### `task_ids`

(Optional) To run a subset of tasks in the pipeline, specify the task IDs separated by a comma. No task group ids are supported.

### `continue_downstream_run`

(Optional) To continue running downstream tasks after specifying task IDs, set this to true.

### `run_inputs`

(Optional) A JSON-formatted string containing key-value pairs of pipeline run inputs. These values override any default inputs defined in the pipeline and are required if the pipeline has required inputs with no defaults.

## Outputs

### `status`

The final pipeline run status. One of SUCCEEDED, WARNING, FAILED or CANCELLED.

### `pipeline_name`

The name of the pipeline.

### `pipeline_run_id`

The ID of the pipeline run.

## Example usage

```yaml
uses: orchestra-hq/run-pipeline@v1
with:
  api_key: ${{ secrets.ORCHESTRA_API_KEY }}
  pipeline_id: "your-pipeline-id"
  task_ids: "task-id-1,task-id-2"
  continue_downstream_run: true
```
